chore: delete and edit changesets (#7714)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/tasty-stamps-push.md

Added the `node` export field for the default import paths (e.g. `@swisspost/design-system-components-react` or `@swisspost/design-system-components-react/post-accordion`), so it automatically imports our server components in a Next.js environment, while using client components in all other cases.
This lets projects use the default export and allows us to provide custom icon wrapper components (e.g. `PostIconAdmin`, etc.), which automatically imports the correct component type, no matter where it is used (e.g. in a react browser app or a Next.js project).

> We'll keep the `@swisspost/design-system-components-react/server` and `@swisspost/design-system-components-react/server/post-accordion` exports, as the explicit server entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@swisspost/design-system-components-react/server` and `@swisspost/design-system-components-react/server/post-accordion` exports, are kept as the explicit server entries.
```
